MCLOUD-6485: Add validator for braintree variable existence (#7571)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-conf-files_magento-app.md

        CONFIG__STORES__DEFAULT__PAYPAL__NOTATION_CODE: 'Magento_Enterprise_Cloud'
```

> For {{site.data.var.ece}} 2.4.x. set next variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Magento 2.4.x., set the following variables:
```
